listen I remember when I first started
watching Breaking Bad around season 3
and it really was only possible because
of Netflix I'm sure a lot of people
caught up on it the same way considering
that around those seasons AMC was
worried that the show was gonna be
cancelled when magically a new swarm of
people started watching it halfway
through airing now years later Vince
Gilligan chose Netflix to premiere this
movies epilogue of the series before it
even airs on AMC which it's kind of a
cool paying it back and paying it back
they did like a true Lannister it was
like going back to your high school
reunion if your high school solving math
is it as green as the series no I don't
think that was the point of it but if
the main series was Walter story on how
he broke bad Saul got a call to do his
then El Camino is a perfect send-off for
the character of Jesse Pinkman
let me explain so one day we do want to
do a breakdown on both of these series
and have Anela me yeah but if you need a
good breakdown right now I highly
recommend these two videos right here
because they do a fantastic job catching
you up and their their editing is
hilarious what I do want to give a recap
for here though is a reminder on how bad
Jesse Pinkman had it like can you
imagine getting hit up by your high
school chemistry teacher to cook up
drugs like mine still does Civil War
Reenactment I never figured out which
side he was on on top of that because
they're dying of cancer you have no idea
when they're gonna croak on you and
they've already gotten you involved in
not one not two but several crime bosses
who wouldn't even hesitate to put out a
hit on you he's seen bodies
disintegrated he's been shot at he's
been hospitalized by his own partners
brother-in-law he's seen his girlfriend
choke to death on her own vomit which
then causes a plane crash of all things
he's seen kids killed he's been the
killer
Jesse's last girlfriend was a single
mother whose kid killed Jesse's friend
then got himself killed
then her last kid gets poisoned by his
chemistry teacher of a partner which
leaves Jesse to get captured and
tortured by neo-nazis who forced him to
watch the death of another woman he
loved then he drove straight to that
Need for Speed movie at the end of the
series it's crazy when you think about
how he was supposed to be killed off at
the end of the first season and how he's
lived too long enough to give us great
lines such as fish and
and well I'll ever ditch and got to be
harass by his chem teacher some more
he'd say hey did you read the next
script and I go no I did you get it and
say had it in sometime but at least you
go out like John it's clear that if
anybody needed a resolution it would be
the Theon Greyjoy of this series and I'm
glad that he's doing well for himself
because it looks like seven years have
passed since the ending of the series
i'ma just get the first gripe by the way
cuz I know that it's a nitpick I know
it's not that big of a deal but y'all
know that we would have bashed Thrones
or any other big drama for it because
season five jesse looks like he was
being tortured
Wow Kamino Jesse looks like you just won
The Price is Right
[Applause]
that said I commend the production for
bringing back a lot of the cast and crew
cooking vessels because there's a bunch
of cool references that really make it
feel like the universe of Breaking Bad
we get to see characters from seasons
back composers who have stuck with the
universe even through the spin-off
series and trustworthy family members
who actually made up the extras in the
final shot in order to keep the Cameo a
secret and I mean they did so they
probably could have been cooking real
meth on the show and no one would have
snitched that family aspect is actually
the part I like the most about the movie
because as soon as Jesse drives away to
freedom as we saw at the ending of the
series he goes straight to his boys
house and I mean the boys or the
Paragons of innocence we're not bad guys
for just Jesse's friends they've been
with them through ups and downs they
gave him thousands of dollars out of
their pockets and skinny Pete gives him
his beanie like you that's like candy
taking off his sweater BB taking off his
my hero and [ __ ] wasn't that moments
like that for fans of the show you know
that's like true fan service that's fan
service done right seeing Walter is cool
I like that but adding to this
camaraderie right here that is very much
appreciated on the opposite side of
things though you have Todd on the way
home I was gonna get us some pizza
large pies since the movie has split
through these really cool transitions we
get to see Jesse visit places in the
presents as we flash back to his time in
captivity and how it led him there and
I'll just say that Plemons has been so
good as Todd you know you're back in a
day and even now with the Plus version
of Todd he's been so creepy to me that
everything he's done since I don't see
him the same way
oh you two enjoy each other it's often
we don't appreciate
[Music]
all things to that chemistry teacher I
thought the movie did a great job with
the shots the scenarios that Jessie find
himself in were intriguing they did a
great job showing how isolated and
imprisoned the character feels by always
framing him in this box setting like I
said I love the editing and transition
between both timeless and if you did
hang up they'd call you back immediately
but hey guess what
seriously oh it also reminded me how
dumb Jessica's authentic breaking bed to
do something special overall I really
liked how it served as an epilogue for
the series that wrapped up one of the
most crucial characters I love the bond
that Netflix and Breaking Bad have built
so I think it's solid and may continue
to produce stories that exist within
this universe and according to Aaron
Paul there actually was even an
alternate ending that was the original
ending the first thing Gilligan wrote in
the script a voiceover of the letter to
Brod that was super emotional
and ends the film while the filmmakers
may choose to keep it a secret my guess
would be that Jesse wrote to Brock the
best advice he could ever give someone
before they graduate Brock don't ever
hang out with your chemistry teacher
thank you guys for watching this video
I'm Kirsten a thoughts down below in the
comment section I don't know what other
spin-off series would you like to see I
haven't caught up on better call Saul
yeah but I do want to re-watch Breaking
Bad to make a video for that do one for
better call Saul as well I don't know
maybe RJ Mitte will get his his
breakfast show that he's been asking for
but hey I trust everything that Vince
Gilligan gives us from the chicken that
he serves as a KFC to the series right
here I don't think that the series ever
had a bad point like I don't think it
ever dipped in quality and that's all
things to again I highly recommend
seeing the featurette because they all
really like work together they have the
same cast and crew coming in and it
really feels like a family and I think
that's why none of the episodes or any
of the spin-offs that they've done has
ever felt like a cash grab to me because
it really feels like everyone's invested
in this story it's not to say the throne
episodes I didn't like but I know that's
more of a personal choice as opposed to
like the episode being bad if you
generate thoughts down below in the
comment section what else you would like
to see from this universe
anything else really in general don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
I'll send you some chili powder